# -www.takeincart.com
The online Megastore www.takeincart.com is an online megastore selling Fashion Products ( mens shirts, mens T-shirts, Mens Polo, Mens Sando, Women’s Shirts, tops,   Dresses, Shorts ), Snapback caps ( the exclusive Takeincart product ), CA, CA , ICWA, educational Books and Media , Electronics, Mobile Covers at the best and cheapest   prices. TakeInCart went live in 2014 with the objective of making books easily available to anyone who had internet access. Takeincart started with selling Ca , Cs ,   ICWA(CMA) books, Accounts softwares CDs Hindi language books in all educational fields. In future takeincart will be present across various categories including   movies, music, games, mobiles, cameras, computers, healthcare and personal products, home appliances and electronics, Mobiles stationery, perfumes, toys, apparels,   shoes – and still counting! Our USP's : Be it our path-breaking services like Cash on Delivery, EMI options, free shipping - and of course the great prices that we   offer, everything we do revolves around our obsession with providing our customers a memorable online shopping experience. Then there's our dedicated TakeInCart   delivery partners who work round the clock to personally make sure the packages reach on time. So it's no surprise that we're a favourite online shopping destination.   We aim to become World's largest ecommerce company, with satisfying all the customer demands and needs at one place. We aim to provide everything to customer which he   can't find easily everywhere.  Core Values : • Innovation : Creativity is at the core of our business values. The team is given the freedom to take informed, responsible risks. • Change : We are   ever evolving and believe in driving change, embracing every opportunity with open arms. • Openness : We encourage every team member to share ideas and feedback openly   thereby building strong relationships built on Trust and Faith • Ownership : Every member owns the task they take up. We foster collaboration while building individual   accountability. • Honesty : We believe in doing the right thing under all circumstances  Our Shopping Sections : Book &amp; Media CA/CS/CMA/ICWA Books : Takeincart provides all Books like ,CA, CS,CMA,PRO Books of famous Authors and publishers like taxmann ,Munish Bhandari ,Bestword ,Pooja Law   house,A S Foundation,Aadhya,Anu's Series (Rajkamala),Lawpoint's,Reliance,Tata Mcgrawhill,Snow White Publication and many more.  which include :  • Chartered Accountant( CA ) Books: CA CPT Books ( Fundamentals of Accounting, Mercantile Law, General Economics, Quantitative Aptitude ) , CA IPCC Books (Business Law   Ethics and Communication,Accounting, Law Ethics and Communication, Cost Accounting and Financial Management, Taxation, Advanced Accounting, Auditing and Assurance,   Information Technology and Strategic Management), CA Final Books (Financial Reporting, Strategic Financial Management, Advance Mangement Accounting, Advance Auditing   and Professional Ethics, Corporate Law and Allied Laws, Information Systems Control and Audit, Direct Tax Laws, Indirect Tax Law)  • Company Secretary(CS) Books : CS Foundation Books ( Business Environment &amp; Entrepreneurship, Business Management, Business Economics, Accounting and Auditing ), CS   Executive Books (Old syllabus Scanners, Company Law, Cost and Management Accounting, Economic and Commercial Laws, Tax Laws and Practice, Company Accounts and Auditing   Practices, Capital Markets and Securities Laws, Industrial, Labour and General Laws ), CS Professional Books ( New Syllabus Books and Scanners, Company Secretarial   Practice / Drafting, Appearances and Pleadings, Financial, Treasury and Forex / Corporate Restructuring and Insolvency, Strategic Management, Alliances / Advanced Tax   Laws and Practice, Due Diligence and Corporate Compliance Management / Governance Ethics )  • CMA(ICWA) Books : CMA Foundation, CMA Inter, CMA Final • Corporate Books: Direct Taxes, Indirect Taxes, Accountancy , Legal Laws, Miscellaneous, Company Law • CFA   Hindi Books : Hindi CA, Hindi CS , Hindi CWA • CDs &amp; Subscription • Accounting Softwares • BUDGET 2014 – 2015 Entrance books : Takeincart provides all sort of entrance   books used for various competitive examinations such as : • Engineering Entrance : GATE Examination, Gate Entrance, Objective, Bitsat, Reasoning , BCA Books, CET,   IIT-JEE, JEE MAIN Books, IIFT examination, GPAT Examination, AMIE Examination Books, AMIE Entrance, LEET Entrance Books • Law Entrance : CLAT Examination, LL.B.   Examination • Post Graduate Entrance : MCA Entrance , Management Exams, MBA , GMAT, IIFT, NMAT , XAT, CMAT , JMET, SNAP , MBa Entrance and examination Books • PSU   Entrance Exam : Banking Exams, SBI , SBI PO, Coal, SSC, SAIL, UGC NET/JRF/SLET, RRB, UPPCL, RAILWAY, PSA, Post Office, OPSC, UPSC, Public sector, ONGC Entrance   Examination Books , NTSE , NTPC, NDA , LIC, IAS,PCS SCC, DRDO , DMRC , DDA, BSNL, Fashion : we provide apparels for both men and women which include mens shirts, mens T-shirts, Mens Polo, Mens Sando, Women’s Shirts, tops, Dresses, Shorts. Takeincart   the only provider of online snapback caps in India . One can buy cheap snapback caps online on takeincart. Takeincart also provides various varieties of women and men   bags and wallets. Takeincart also provides bracelets and fashion accessories online. Electronics: Takeincart provides all branded mobiles like Apple , Nokia , Samsung mobiles and its back covers , Mobile cases and covers online This website is designed by www.digitizeportfolio.com
